but to all guys from energy today
we are in a new tron commentari e
we are with enrico's son
Easter practice that as we know
opened a youtube channel but high
presentations are all as different as
had cnn office
[Music]
okay congratulations for forgotten the
name we are still okay fine
what do you want to let the people know?
home viewers
I will let you know what what I'll do
right then what you will do
then I will make Jewish decisions
fences then fences you will do on
Youtube channel
So what are the decisions the
fences are are beautiful
okay it does nothing
beyond that what you will ever understand
but you are the son of the great enrico
Easter traits co
but why what binds your father
hoe understood I understood what you do
together when both of you are with
just the hoe and we will immediately start a
make the house understood ok then let us do it
a final greeting
nothing then put a like it is
went to visit the facebook page
and I put you below is the next video
first guys hope ke has
let this troll commit you both
liked we get to 400 like or if
you want another troll episode
commentary because I know we can
arrive because if we don't get there we won't
the next episode comes out and then
that's all
nice guys is a next video
[Music]